I cannot classify the moments of happiness and of sadness, but every defeat is a scar in your heart that you never forget.
I don’t look at the passport of people; I look at their quality and their attitude.
We do not buy superstars. We make them.
Football is an art, like dancing is an art – but only when it’s well done does it become an art.
A manager is a guide. He takes a group of people and says, ‘With you I can make us a success; I can show you the way.
Religiously, it is said that God created man. I am only a guide. I allow others to express what they have in them. I have not created anything. I am a facilitator of what is beautiful in man.
I think in England you eat too much sugar and meat and not enough vegetables.
I am not scared to spend money. If you go out with me one night, you will understand that.
The real revelation of a player’s character is not in his social life but in how he plays. In my social life I can hide my real personality.
When you give success to stupid people, it makes them more stupid sometimes and not more intelligent.
I’m not a witch doctor; I’m just a football coach.
A football team is like a beautiful woman, when you do not tell her, she forgets she is beautiful.
If you eat caviar every day it’s difficult to return to sausages.
It’s like a child who is used to having ice cream whenever he wants. When it doesn’t come when he asks, he tends to get confused and nervous.
What is unbelievable is that I am in a position where people reproach me for making a profit. The people who lose money – nobody says a word.
I believe [team spirit] is a little bit like a flower. You have to take care of it and look after it every day, or else it will slowly die. But as well, you can make the flower bigger, better and prettier if you care for it.
The biggest things in life have been achieved by people who, at the start, we would have judged crazy. And yet if they had not had these crazy ideas the world would have been more stupid.
If you have a child who is a good musician, what is your first reaction? It is to put them into a good music school, not in an average one.
We live a society where everybody knows everything and it looks like it is a shame to say I don’t know.
To remain unbeaten in a championship like the English championship now is really unbelievable. I want to win the Champions’ League but, really, this is more important. It is something amazing, something special.
They [Chelsea] are a financially doped club. They have enhancement of performances through financial resources which are unlimited. It puts pressure on the market that is not very healthy.
The only moment of possible happiness is the present. The past gives regrets. And future uncertainties.
My job is to give people who work hard all week something to enjoy on Saturdays and Wednesdays.
Young players need freedom of expression to develop as creative players. They should be encouraged to try skills without fear of failure.
If you do not believe you can do it then you have no chance at all.
At some clubs success is accidental. At Arsenal, it is compulsory.
I’ve told him to cut off his ponytail. I think it makes him less aerodynamic.
I tried to watch the Tottenham match on television in my hotel yesterday, but I fell asleep.
When you’re dealing with someone who only has a pair of underpants on, if you take his underpants off, he has nothing left – he’s naked. You’re better off trying to find him a pair of trousers to complement him rather than change him.
Have Tottenham closed the gap on Arsenal? Last time I checked they were still 4 miles and 11 titles away.
No matter how much money you earn, you can only eat three meals a day and sleep in one bed.
You build a player like you build a house. You start with the foundations. The fundamentals.
You weren’t world-class when Arsenal signed you.
Sometimes you have to swallow the unswallowable.
Work on your strong points because they are what made you.
We were considering him (Ruud van Nistelrooy) and Francis Jeffers and, in the end, we went for Jeffers.
If I give you a good wine, you will see how it tastes and after you ask where it comes from.
In my job, you expect to suffer. That's why when I go to hell one day, it will be less painful for me than you, because I'm used to suffering.
Any man who concentrates his energies totally on one passion is, by definition, someone who hurts the people close to him.
Fair play is an English word. It is not a French word, and it has been copied all over the world. Unfortunately, it does not function any more here.
When you are a player, you think, 'Me! Me! Me!' When you are a manager, you think 'You! You! You!'
When I first came to Arsenal, I realised the back four were all university graduates in the art of defending. As for Tony Adams, I consider him to be a doctor of defence. He is simply outstanding.